Add reference page for the base interoperability endpoints (#1839)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/api/module-rpc-api/mainchain-interoperability-endpoints.adoc

//Project URLs
:url_integrate_endpoints: integrate-blockchain/connecting-endpoints.adoc
:url_command_fee: understand-blockchain/blocks-txs.adoc#command-fee
:url_api_interop: api/module-rpc-api/interoperability-endpoints.adoc

This page summarizes all API endpoints *specific to* the {url_typedoc_interopmc}[Mainchain Interoperability module^].

> The Mainchain Interoperability modules also includes the base xref:{url_api_interop}[Base Interoperability endpoints], additional to the endpoints documented on this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mainchain Interoperability module includes the base xref:{url_api_interop}[Sidechain Interoperability endpoints], in addition to the endpoints documented on this page.
```

Author: ```suggestion
The Mainchain Interoperability module includes the base xref:{url_api_interop}[Base Interoperability endpoints], in addition to the endpoints documented on this page.
```
